As we have seen along the route,
the characteristics of inclusive behavior
are explained here in our Inclusion Triad.
This Triad says that behaving inclusively means
building skills that allow us,
on the one hand, to manage our own bias;
recognizing and acting based on our privilege,
and, last but not least, to act in an intentionally empathetic manner,
which implies a permanent and cyclical
exercise that will help us to ensure
that we are promoting people instead of building barriers
and walls that make it impossible for people to develop.
Instead of walking alone paying attention to the individual progress we make on the road,
we must act with empathy,
acknowledging the fact that everyone
has a right to the same chances.
Inclusive behavior prioritizes access for all people,
not despite their differences and characteristics,
but because of them.
When we position ourselves on an inclusive intent,
we are trying to open spaces where
everybody can simultaneously grow.
Our biases are, in a nutshell, different ways to filter and sort the world
according to the individual lenses we use throughout our whole lives.
Everyone has biases,
and to make sure we are being fair and equitable,
we need to recognize them to make sure
we are not closing doors for diversities.
When we are aware of our privilege
we must act on it so we can eliminate barriers
and we must act to maximize diversity,
boost the uniqueness of people,
and ensure that our common goal is achieved
on account of the different characteristics we have.
Inclusive people who are aware of their biases
make sure to stop and think before speaking,
thus avoiding the automatic responses
that all human beings emit
as a consequence of previous experiences,
personal or even cultural filters.
By focusing on what we share as humans,
we acknowledge that, despite our individual differences,
we all share a human dignity.
This perspective
allows people to feel valued, understood, and accepted,
which in turn motivates them to be more authentic
and to act confidently in a diverse and complex world.
Do not forget that the Inclusion Triad
offers an invitation to acknowledge
and manage our own biases,
identify our position of privilege, and behave with empathy.
By integrating these principles in our day to day,
we can build an environment where
every person feels valued and respected.
Make sure to support everyone on their path,
so we can promote an inclusive leadership at FEMSA.
Start today by practicing the Triad of
Inclusive Leadership and make a difference!